welcome to the program dozens of people
are believed to be buried under Rubble
after an Israeli attack on a school in
Gaza emergency crews are searching for
survivors after the building collapsed
killing at least 12 Palestinians most of
them women and children civil defense
says 700 displaced people were
Sheltering at the school West of Gaza
City the Israeli Army says it targeted a
Command Center used by Palestinian
Fighters at the school Ibrahim alal
reports now from the scene of the attack
I am here standing inside Mustafa H's
school and this is the after math of a
brutal Air Attack targeted this is
school Northwest Gaza City resulted in
killing many civilians and dozens
injured I managed to crawl from under
the debris every time I have to run for
my life for months I've been living in
fear Israeli tanks were very close I
have lived through a
lot the moment we heard the explosion we
ran for our lives my sister kept crying
we did not know what to do I saw dead
buddies Torn to
Pieces we were sitting inside one of the
classrooms when we heard the loud
explosion it was so powerful that we
fell to the ground I ran searching for
my children who were playing in the
schoolyard I did not find any of them
all who were in this part of the school
were killed the entire building
collapsed on their heads they were all
killed no one survived till when will
the World stand watching in silence we
are killed and our homes destroyed where
do we go Civil Defense Forces are trying
to rescue but unfortunately they have
little to work with they are using the
basic equipment to get the trapped
civilians from under
their the school building was flattened
to the ground we together with a few
Medical Teams are doing our best to
recover the dead I regret to say we will
not be able to recover all of them
simply because we are using just our
bare hands amid a total absence of
equipment and other resources this has
been the case for civil defense
throughout this genocidal War families
are grieving as they are asking
themselves where do we have to go as
this school we Sheltering more than 700
civilians who already got their houses
destroyed due to the ongoing Israeli War
on Gaza they are now left
with no shelter maybe they will end up
in a street due to the Relentless and
discriminate air strikes targeting the
shelters uh which Sheltering civilians
here Northern Gaza City and and in the
whole Gaza Strip uh families are
grieving as their their loved ones are
still trapped under the rubble of this
school efforts are being exerted by
Civil Defense Forces to get uh civilians
and injured from under the ibraim AL KH
Al jaaz Gaza City
Palestine well that was Ibrahim let's
join hin kudri our correspondent in Dar
Bala in central Gaza um very difficult
to know how to even begin sometimes
talking about yet another school attack
hind because we've talked about so many
of them during the last 10 months and
yet again August has been another bloody
month for the numbers of deaths of
children and women in what should be
safe
[Music]
havens well yes this is the ninth school
that has been targeted since August uh
and and we have been counting those
schools and and every school is a
complete misery and catastrophe now
Mustafa H school had had at least 700
civilians Sheltering there um they came
from different areas across the Gaza
City where there has been recent
evacuation orders from the Northern
parts of uh uh bah and B hanun and
that's why Palestinians were Sheltering
in this school so the Israeli forces
targeted this school and at least 12
Palestinians were killed but according
to the civil defense teams they're
saying that there's a a lot more
Palestinians still trapped under theable
they say that the buildings completely
collapsed uh once there was um the air
strike targeted the school and the the
the civil defense teams are trying their
best to rescue as much people as
possible now most of those who were
killed were children and women and also
there was among them uh the Palestinian
journalist Hamza Mora now according to
our colleagues in Gaza cities they said
that they were very close to the school
where there was an event for children
they were covering and at the minute the
explosion happened they start started
covering uh the explosion and the target
of the school now this is only one
school that has been uh still targeted
in the Gaza City there has been a couple
of targets on schools in the past couple
of weeks but this is not the only Target
on the Gaza City today inun in Al area
there was a Target on a residential area
where at least a Palestinian were killed
and others were injured among them is a
Palestinian CH child
and also here in there a group of
Palestinian Palestinians were also
targeted and they were transferred here
to Al AA hospital and it was also a very
intense uh deadly night for those
Palestinians in kanun in the western
parts of uh hunis in very close to Al
maasi which this area is a humanitarian
Zone and it's worth mentioning and
reminding uh you that only 11 % of
gaza's
365 kilomet is the humanitarian zone so
no hospitals are safe no schools are
safe even uh shelters and and makeshift
camps are all Target and Palestinians
are in a state of despair and
frustration they do not know where to go
especially those who were targeted in
Mustafa hav School we're talking about
700 700 civilians that are now
completely displaced not knowing where
to go and believing that there is no
safe and not only that their beloved
ones are still trapped under the rubble
H there for us with the latest from De
oala hint thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz